Everyone, today I have a quoting and trivia question, which is usually asked by Microsoft during their
coding round, and this is the famous Ken Dean's algorithm.
So I will be explaining the solution for this question step by step on the whiteboard.
So let's get right to it.
So in this question, we need to find a maximum summary, which can give us the largest sum to solve
this problem.
You are given a function called Max Subarea, which takes an area of prices and returns the largest
sum.
So we have to design algorithm to find this summary.
So to solve this in one loop, we need two variables.
So the first one is current and the second one is to keep track of the largest store.
So we began by pushing the first element to both variables, which is negative for.
Then we're going to skip the first element since we already have it here and we're going to do to the
rest of the elements in the area.
So let's start with the first element, which is two.
So two plus negative one, which will give us a one.
So is one greater or two greater?
Two is greater.
So we're going to update the current with the two.
OK, and then we're going to compare the current to the global.
So the global has a negative one right now.
So negative one greater or two greater, two is greater.
So we're going to update the global izabella with the two.
Then we'll move on to the next element, which is three.
So three plus two, which will give us a five.
So it's five greater or three greater five is greater.
So we're going to put that right here.
And then we're going to compare with the global so comparing the current to the global is five feet
or two greater.
So actually five is greater collective update update than here.
So.
Then we'll move on to the next element in the area, negative five, so negative five plus five, which
will give us a zero.
So negative five or zero square zero is greater.
Then we're going to compare the current to the global and we see right here five, which is greater
than zero.
So there's no point to updating the global because five is greater than zero.
And then we're going to move on to the last element in the area, which is four and four plus zero,
which will give us a four, or we could either have four or five zero, which is the same.
So we're just going to put that right here for.
And then we're going to compare the current to global, so five is still greater than this, five is
still greater than the current.
So we're just going to keep five.
And that's our largest sum, so we're going to return this as a large sum, which is five.
All right, guys, so now I will show you all of this in code.
All right, guys, so we're given this function called Max Sabari, and it takes an area of integers,
and if you remember from that explanation that we need to create two variables.
The first one is the current and the second one is the global.
So this is both are the are going to take the first element of the area and then we're going to look
through this area.
But we're going to start with the second element in the area, because we've already covered the first
element.
So we're going to loop and then we're going to find finding max current, so the max card is either
this element or its max current plus the element that we're on.
So which one?
Whichever is greater, as I explained earlier.
So if you don't understand until this point, then go back a little bit in the video and watch the whiteboard
explanation again.
So all we're doing here is we're trying to get the current.
So either it's going to be the element or on in the.
Or it's going to be the max current plus the element, whichever is greater.
Then we're going to check.
The max current is greater to the max global.
So as I explained earlier, we're going to compare the the global with the current, so if the max current
is greater than the max global.
Then we want to update the max global with the max current.
So this week, we're going to keep looping until we have the largest sum in the next global, and all
we're going to do is we're going to return the max global, which is the largest.
And that's that's pretty much it.